breast milk is really amazing
did you know that the composition of milk
maternal changes depending on the age of
your baby this is because the
needs for growth and development
Your baby change over time
key element that changes is the protein
did you know that it is the most
abundant in the body after water
this unique quality of proteins from
breast milk is what makes it so
special
at the beginning the breast milk contains
more protein since your baby
You need to grow very fast and more
late the amount of protein in the
breast milk is reduced because the
Your baby's growth slows down
it's amazing medical experts and
researchers consider proteins
as the most important nutrient not only
for the growth of your baby but
also for your health and development is
so crucial that they say that quality and
amount of protein your baby receives
in their first two years they will influence their
health for the rest of your life
much research has been done about the
breast milk and in mixture we have been
researching for more than 50 years
We know that milk proteins
maternal play a key role when you
baby is growing and developing
contributes to the body's growth
the muscles and even the brain of your
baby helps reduce the risk of your
baby to develop allergies and
new scientific advances demonstrate
that the proteins of breast milk
they also help reduce the risk of
Being overweight in the future
It is also important for good
functioning of the immune system
and digestive
the protein in breast milk plays a
key role in the future health of your
baby so if the proteins of the
breast milk are the best because their
quality is so high that its quantity is
perfectly fits the age of your
Baby and your needs at each stage
of its development to know more about
how amazing is breast milk
or how important are the
proteins for health and development
of your baby ask your pediatrician or
visit your healthy baby
mix healthy healthy life start